Vault 43914/ldap rotate onread feature docs (#2955)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/api-docs/secret/ldap.mdx

- `skip_static_role_import_rotation` `(bool: false)` - The default value to use for `skip_import_rotation` when
  creating static roles. This field can be overridden on an individual role level during [role creation](#static-roles).
  See the [static roles section](#static-roles) for more detailed information and caveats.
- `rotate_on_read` `(bool: false)` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  When `true`, Vault rotates the static role credential each time it is read from
  `/{mount_path}/static-cred/{role_name}`, subject to the cooldown period. Applies

>   to all static roles on the mount. Can be overridden per role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When `true`, Vault rotates the static role credential each time it reads the
  credential from `/{mount_path}/static-cred/{role_name}` outside the cooldown
  period. The setting applies to all static roles on the mount, but you can
  override the configuration for individual roles.
```

- `rotate_on_read_cooldown` `(duration: "1m")` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  Minimum time between rotate-on-read rotations. Vault returns the existing
  credential for reads within the cooldown window. Set to `0` to disable the

>   cooldown and rotate on every read. Can be overridden per role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rotate_on_read_cooldown` `(duration: "1m")` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  Minimum time allowed between rotate-on-read rotations. Vault returns the
  existing credential For requests that occur within the cooldown window. Set
  `rotate_on_read_cooldown` to `0` to disable the cooldown and rotate on every
  read. You can override the cooldown period for individual role.
```

  pre-existing password of the associated LDAP entry. Reading credentials for the role returns the 
  value set on the `password` field until the password rotates (either automatically or manually by `rotate-role`).
  The `skip_import_rotation` field overrides `skip_static_role_import_rotation` from the ldap config if both are set.
- `rotation_policy` `(string: "")` – <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  The name of the rotation policy to apply when Vault Enterprise is rotating
  the credential. Vault uses the values defined in the rotation
  policy to manage backoff and retries when automatically rotating credentials. If
  you do not set a rotation policy, Vault applies the default rotation policy. Refer to
  [rotation policy documentation](/vault/docs/enterprise/automated-credential-rotation/rotation-policies) for more information.
- `rotate_on_read` `(bool: false)` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  Overrides the mount-level `rotate_on_read` setting for this role. When `true`,

>   Vault rotates the credential each time it is read, subject to the cooldown period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rotate_on_read` `(bool: false)` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  Overrides the mount-level `rotate_on_read` setting for the role. Set
  `rotate_on_read` to `true` to enable read-rotation explicitly for the
  associated credential.
```

- `rotate_on_read_cooldown` `(duration: "1m")` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  Overrides the mount-level `rotate_on_read_cooldown` for this role. Minimum time

>   between rotate-on-read rotations. Set to `0` to rotate on every read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rotate_on_read_cooldown` `(duration: "1m")` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  Overrides the mount-level `rotate_on_read_cooldown` for the role. Set
  `rotate_on_read_cooldown` to `0` to rotate the credential on every read.
```

  "password": "LTNfyn7pS7XEZIxEYQ2sEAWic02PEP7zSvIs0xMqIjaU0ORzLhKOKVmYLxL1Xkyv",
  "last_password": "?@09AZSen9TzUwK7ZhafS7B0GuWGraQjfWEna5SwnmF/tVaKFqjXhhGV/Z0v/pBJ",
  "rotation_period": 86400,
  "rotated_on_read": true,
  "ttl": 86072,
  "username": "hashicorp"
}
```

`rotated_on_read` is `true` when the read triggered a rotation, or `false` when

> the credential was still within the cooldown window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault reports `rotated_on_read` as `true` when the read triggered a rotation and`false` when
the credential was still within the cooldown window.
```
